refactor: promote sirius::gpu_expression_executor to primary path (#658)
sirius-db/sirius: docs/super-sirius/expression-executor.md

| `select(batch)` | Filters: evaluates a boolean expression and returns only rows that pass | FILTER |

Both methods accept a `data_batch` and return a new `data_batch` with the result. The `rmm::cuda_stream_view` and memory resource are passed to the constructor and stored as members — they are not per-call arguments.

## Execution Strategies

**File:** `src/include/expression_executor/expression_executor_strategy.hpp`

The executor supports three strategies, selected via the `strategy` constructor parameter (default from `duckdb::Config::EXPRESSION_EXECUTOR_STRATEGY`):

| Strategy | How it executes | cuDF API |
|----------|-----------------|----------|
| `MATERIALIZE` | Every expression node becomes a single kernel. Intermediate results are materialized as `cudf::column`s. | `cudf::unary_operation`, `cudf::binary_operation`, etc. (one per node) |
| `AST_INTERPRET` (default) | Builds a `cudf::ast::tree` and interprets it with a single monolithic kernel. | `cudf::compute_column` |
| `AST_JIT` | Builds a `cudf::ast::tree` and JIT-compiles it into a fused kernel. | `cudf::compute_column_jit` |

### Tree of AST Trees

> Not every DuckDB expression has a cuDF AST equivalent — these are called **AST breakers** (e.g. `CASE`, `LIKE`, `SUBSTRING`, unsupported `CAST` types). For AST strategies, the executor walks the DuckDB expression and greedily builds AST subtrees up to each breaker. When it hits a breaker, it materializes that subtree as a `cudf::column`, stashes it in `_temp_columns`, and references it from the enclosing AST subtree via a `cudf::ast::column_reference`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every DuckDB expression has a cuDF AST equivalent — these are called **AST breakers** (e.g. `CASE`, `LIKE`, `SUBSTRING`, unsupported `CAST` types). For AST strategies, the executor walks the DuckDB expression and greedily builds AST subtrees up to each breaker. When it hits a breaker, it materializes that subtree as a `cudf::column`, stashes it internally, and references it from the enclosing AST subtree via a `cudf::ast::column_reference`.
```
